hey guys it's whorls here and today I'm
gonna show you how to make an enchanted
lyre after you finish the przemek trials
what it does it allows you to teleport
to from an ik so let me show you what it
does it's this right here and then all
you have to do is play it and then it
brings you to like the front of Remnick
right here but uh so how you do this is
so you can make a lot of them so because
they can only hold two teleports for a
liar so I'm gonna show you how to make
it so what you want to do is run to up
to where ellika is and then run over to
where the Slayer cave is and you need an
X and some coins you have to buy the
wool and there 1kh so pretty at least
14k if you're gonna do like 14 branches
and 14 wools so you're gonna cut this
tree right here the swaying tree and get
fill it with half of your inventory so
and then after you do that you're gonna
want to run over to the troll and she
sell you the golden wolf one page so
talk to Ally
just notice after this process over and
over
okay I'll meet you guys in Long Bridge
after I'm finished buying all these
alright so I'm gonna want to run to the
bank
actually I'm gonna string them now since
it's right here so what you do is just
use it on the spinning wheel because
there's no option for it just keep using
them it wants to do that want to go
ahead upstairs and heat your knife out
your pink whoops
just keep using it on the branches
and once you do that you're just gonna
want to just use them on each other so
now we got to get them enchanted and by
getting them and chanted we have to
offer bra sharks to the the sea lady or
whatever you actually don't have to use
sharks but sharks give you two teleports
like you've already use like a raw if I
were to use like a raw like tuna or
something you'd only give me like one
teleport I know sea turtles give you
three so you can do that also
then what you want to do is you're gonna
want to use your sharks on here and then
this lady will say and then chill and
chant them so just keep these near
sharks on there yep and there you go so
once you use all the teleports off your
lyre you can just you don't have to make
like keep remaking them by kind of
branch everything you just bring them
back and then just bring back for all
sharks here and then to rien santa
basically all right this has been a
little squad production hope you guys
enjoyed
hopefully teleporting Arella Kyle will
save you a lot of time alright peace